So let's study save the amount less of what I call PBS.
And I went up on the my stage.
Save a mount and we're going to ask.
Sufficient I'm going to change the color I'm going at 3 3 3 is going to be a great color so we're kind
of low in.
Well says might change we're going to have our cell phone size wind going to him.
So say the center line.
Now you can see the same amount is bigger.
And for example you can use a phone wait seven candidate and reload.
You can see that it takes.
So we telling the user that they are saving $5.
Then we're going out the padding point three m and Gwen them and I'm going to show you why I did these
by.
So you can see for example if I want to change is the same color takes in these different colors.
I can inspect these and you will find soon or there's Hispan response.
So for example here I have the same amount and it only has the same but as we have these will commerce
trace amount will commerce price Gorin symbol.
So what going to this is what has caused this amount collapse.
What I to use these glass say amount and then save the amount.
Sorry.
Then what going out and what are the chances 2 3 3 3 4 in size we're going to change it to one them
in the fun way we're watching these two.
So save these low and you can see the same.
They seem walled off one.
And this one is normal.
So for example right here in I went to either my decoration for example nice big color and race it I'm
going to copy these and right here I'm going up to the bottom to pixels solid.
And then that color.
So save these and read all the Froning and you can see we can say maybe we got something like water
there you know the directions or maybe you can either green color or.
So for example you can use it on the browser.
You can make these I can play cricket and you can use this color picker to select a better color to
display the same amount
so maybe these one will work
and then we're going to have a margin.
So for example Rachida Madigan top of one am these play inline block
so maybe as Mother number point five m Yeah something like that.
So what I'm going to copy these groups and page right here
now you can close and reload and you can see because say us $5 maybe this looks bigger than these one.
Right.
So we can make something like 8 AM and reload something like these will work better I think.
And so the sale of the cell message is hard to see.
And this is big these is back and right here you can see that we have this Hispan class on sale so we
can add something here on sale.
And I'm going to add a background color color really good for C and E for C and save these and reload.
You can see that we have these including what are going to change the color of the text to white collar
white.
And finally I'm going to
border on this is when I remove that blackboard that so now you can see we can sail and of course the
font size.
So we're going to get something for one size right here 1.2 M for example.
This blade is a little bigger.
So what I'm saying is 1.2 M we can close these and reload and then you can see we can say it and then
we have save the and we can at some I think is say because save is if they really add this into the
cut so we can save you for example you can click here on the shop and this way for example you can see
we have Saybrook here and we can you can see here is this is really really small and I think that we
can make this a little way or a little bigger maybe one of them.
All these see is looking better.
And now we have the same message in all the products and also the ones that have some savings.
We are displaying these say $5 that's looking nice.
So for example this double back with three we can open these.
And indeed the pro and he had lots of special offer and maybe 25 an update these reloaded thrown in.
And then you can see we can say and then we've had this message say you crazy ten dollars and this is
looking nice.
So in the next video let's see how you can print a percentage say instead of the dollars.